# predictable-residence
This project (tentatively) aims to predict the residence of Californians based on demographic and characteristic features.

Based on the inital data exploration we've done, we plan to drop all rows that are from 2016 and 2017, keeping only those from 2018 and 2019. We are doing this because the dataset is quite large, and since we are dealing with economic data, we want to use the most recent information. We also plan to use the NAICS Code column to create a new column with the economic sector, something that is built into the NAICS code structure. This is because we have 1586 unique industry names, and many of them are very specific, so we want to bring this number down by mapping the rows to broader encompassing sectors. This will make the encoding much easier, which is something that we'll need to do since this column is a categorical variable with no intrinsic ordering. We also plan to drop '1st Month Emp','2nd Month Emp','3rd Month Emp','Total Wages (All Workers)' since we already have Average Monthly Employment capturing similar data and we also don't need to know the total wages since we are more concerned with individuals. We also want to remove rows whose 'Quarter' column is not "Annual" because keeping Quarterly data means that there may be overlap between whats captured in the "Annual" rows and the quarterly information. We also want to filter out rows whose 'Area Type' column is anything but "County" since that is what we are trying to predict. After removing those rows, we can remove the columns 'Area Type' and 'Quarter'.
